-1- Tested and works
Need to adjust exits and enemy names based on the finalized games list
Each exit connected to the game by its name

-2- Tested and works
Exit 0 - At the top
Exit 1 - At the bottom

-3- Works with some unreachable exits
Missing Exit.EndLevel for Tomash
Exits 0,1,2,3,4 and 8 arent usable. Can't be reached from the game

-4- Tested Playable
All starts/exits are working
Sometimes bugs out
Exit 0 - "Press a Back to the matrix button"
Exit 1 - Lose
Exit 2 - Win

-5- Tested and works
Exit 0 - Magic door
Exit 1 - Space/Tech door
Exit 2 - Death door
Exit 3 - Industry door

-8- Tested and works partially
Exits have the same index
Exit 0 - Should be reached when finishing feeding Panda
Exit 1 - Should be reached when finishing feeding dragon

-9- Tested and works
First exit - needs to have full hp
Second exit - if took damage

-10- Most likely not all exits are reachable
All Exits have the same index, 0, need to give them 1,2,3...
Exit 1 - Didn't wash hands and died, triggered randomly?
Exit 2 - Dead because did not work
Exit 4 - You jumped and died
Also Exit 4 - Repeated actions caused you to die
Exit 6 - Died from oversleep
Exit 7 - Suffocated in the closet
Exit 10 - Gone outside to catch pokemon and died to corona 
Also Exit 10 - Just gone outside the door, and died to corona

-11- Tested and works
Exit 1 - Diffculty Normal
Exit 2 - Diffculty Hard

-13- Tested and works
Where can the player find the secret code for Exit 2?
Exit 0 - Reach a light door out of the maze
Exit 1 - caught by minotaur
Exit 2 - Got into secret room. No idea where the player can find the code 

-14- Tested
Missing references for Win/Lose exits, if fixed works
Two entrances with the same index
Team Probably intended for a single entry to exist
Exit 0 - Win. Get to final station
Exit 1 - Lose. Train crushed and wrecked

-17- Tested Broken - two problems
Win game's MeetingPoint isn't reachable - should be two of these but only one exists
GameOver won't happen as the water supposed to cause it arent rising
colliders are so sensitive that finding yourself stuck in them is incredibly easy
Same index for the two existing Exits

-19- Tested, works partially
Can't reach exit 1
Adjusting Managers\LevelManager.FailRequireLossCount from 1000 to 3 will let the game reach exit 1 when all hearts are lost
Exit 0 - Level Won
Exit 1 - Level Lost

-20- Tested, partially works
Exits 0 and 1 have the same indexes
Exit 0 - Birthday Party Win
Exit 1 - Escape this simulation Win

-21- 
Automatically transitions out of the game
Uses past lives
Can unbreak by slightly moving a few colliders

-22-
Exit 0 - Suicide. Not hitting any of panda's throws. The panda is angry at the player and wants revenge
Exit 1 - A so-so result.
Exit 2 - Close to perfect score. Happy panda
-24- Seems totally broken
Animation of dead cop is missing a reference
Can put an empty sprite for that
Exit 0 is unreachable
Exit 1 - Progress through the level to the right

-25- Tested and works
Exit 0 - 3 poops, zero money
Exit 1 - 0 money
Exit 2 - More money than 1
Exit 3 - More money than 2
Exit 4 - More money than 3